KVASS v2

Simulation and Planning Time are together.
New Look! Buttons! No restrictions! It's a "Helper" now, and not a "Limiter".
 
[Image]

Simulation

Use the Simulation button, and beside a cost of the vessel, you will need to pay additional funds for a simulation.  
After you finish your testing, use usual "Revert to Editor" option — you will get back a vessel's cost but an additional payment will not be reverted.
Do not forget to enable possibility to Revert in the stock settings. Default additional payment is 2% of a vessel's cost.
 

Planning Time

For the "real" launch you want "to plan" your vessel before a launch. Also you aren't suppose to revert the "real" launch after the planning, because they are "real". You have a simulation for that.
For the planning time management Kerbal Alarm Clock is used.  
You make your vessel in the editor, click a Clock Button, and KAC alarm is created (appended or prepended to your "planning queue") 
Then you exit to the KSC and wait until the Planning KAC Alarm is finished.
After that you finally Launch your vessel from the Editor or KSC Launchpad/Runway GUI with the usual Launch button. Alarm is deleted automatically.
If for some roleplay reason you want to launch a vessel without the planning — just launch without planning. Since v2 It's "Helper" mod, and not a "Limiter".

Why is it "planning" and not "building"?
The funds will be spent not when you start "process", but when the process is finished and vessel is launching. 
So, in-universe, when planning is started, the best minds of KSC-staff meet each other in the meeting room,
and start planning: how to build the vessel, where get the fuel, and so on. After all planning is done, 
the building proceeds in the usual kerbal way: exchange funds for a ready-to-go vessel from the Green Pocket Dimension

By default at start of your game, 1 fund of a vessel's cost will be planned 10 seconds, and additional day after. Simple as that!

So, for example: 

GDLV3 Vehicle (24,557 funds) will be planned in 24557*10/3600/6 + 1 = 12.4 days
Dynawing Shuttle (132,899 funds) will be planned in 132899*10/3600/6 + 1 = 62.5 days

Also you could enable some speedUps for having some kind of planing time progression:

speedUp by Reputation: Every time you pass 240·X reputation planning time is reduced, 
so after 240 Rep time will be halved, after 480 Rep time will be thirded, etc.
speedUp by Available Kerbals: Every 7 available kerbonauts in the Kerbonaut Complex creates new team,
which reduces planning time the same way as Reputation.
speedUp by Science: Every time you pass 2500·X science planning time is reduced, 
so after 2500 Science time will be halved, after 5000 Science time will be thirded, etc.
It is intended for a late game, after the tech tree is opened.

if you enable Rep SpeedUp and having 240 Rep, the Dynawing will be planned in 31 days. 
If you enable also Kerb SpeedUp and have 7 available kerbonauts, the Dynawing will be planned in 15 days.

In the setting page, you could:
change cost of a simulation or a planning
disable any of them separately,
disable them for the SPH — planes and truck are launched at once.
disable a queue — unlimited amount of simultaneous planning
disable autoremove the finished planning alarm at launch. 
enable expanded message for creating new planning

The mod works in the Career or Science mode. In the Science mode you pay science points, and mass of the vessel is used.


Known Bugs
Alarms are created with WarpKill, even if the option is disabled.
After a scene change alarms became as it suppose to be without WarpKill.
 


Advanced Alternatives: KCT + KRASH & Co.





















Difference between V1 and V2 

{
v1 was having some irritating features:
     * You was needed to cheat the mod to launch without planning, if it was needed for some reason (reusable rockets)
     * writing "Test", and then removing autosaved "Test" copy of the vessels. clutter up the vessel list.
     * Switching append/prepend to queue require exit to KSC and go to the settings.
     * It was not possible to add several vessel with the same name to queue
     
So I reimagine the mod, and now it's even less restrictive:
 * restore stock Launch button action (disable any checking there)
 * add 3 new separate buttons in the Editor: [Simulation], [Prepend] and [Append] planning to the quere (if its enabled)
   So now launch button doesn't check anything itself and you can launch reusable rocket at ones,
   you don't need to write "Test" since there is spetial button for the Simulation
   Also you have separate buttons for Append/Prepend (disableable), and it is possible to add any amount of equally named vessels with a same name
}
 

KVASS v1 description
{}